as Joseph Campbell said we're so engaged
in doing things to achieve purposes of
outer value that we forget the inner
value the rapture that is associated
with being alive is what it's all about
that my friends is the name of the game
you've got to figure out what it is that
actually makes you feel alive and if you
understand that the game that you're
playing is actually a game of brain
chemistry and that nothing else matters
there's no objective truth there's no
one path to glory there's no one life
for you to live there's only the
subjective truth the thing inside you
that gut instinct that voice that
whispers to you you've got to learn to
trust that you've got to learn to trust
it by building it up you've got to learn
to trust by taking actions and gut
checking yourself and asking is that me
is that who I want to be or is that
somebody else cultural voice my parents
my love or whatever trying to speak
through me and it's Harley Davidson said
when writing the story of your life
don't let anyone else hold the pen so
right now ask yourself who's writing
your story is that you are you really
listening to the voice in your head are
you looking at and living by the things
that give you the chill or are you
trying to live a life that somebody else
wants for you and remember when you
think about that question where William
James did activists what you do matters
because it does
even if for nobody of every step you
take every thought that you allow honey
ate your mind everything you obsess
about your games the things that you
want the hope that you spend your time
with they matter to you because they
tell you who you are they tell you who
you're trying to become and ultimately
those things that you let monopolize
your mind will become you so if somebody
else is holding a pen if somebody else
is forcing you to write something that
doesn't make you feel alive that is a
life law and that is how you die my
friends before you ever had a chance to
live
[Music]